- Are you on drugs? - I'm not.
(upbeat music)
- Okay, I dropped my fork.
- It touched my foot.
What's the rule?
Can I still use it?
- Just eat it.
It's your own foot.
- But it's a foot.
I mean, feeder, maybe the gross is part of me.
- Oh my God.
I forgot what you're like.
- What do you mean you forgot what I was like?
We just talked on Dennis's.
- So, no, I'm like remembering that you're insane.
It's just, it's just to eat it.
I don't know what's good for you.
- Okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna eat it.
I gotta find the apple chunk that fell as well.
- You gotta eat that too.
- Oh, there was no apple chunk, the fork fell by.
(laughing)
- The rest of the apple chunk was in the bowl.
- You're not helping your case.
- No, guys, this is the least amount of substances
that have been in my body for a couple of weeks.
That didn't make a good case.
Wow, do I really sound high?
I'm not high.
I stayed up till 1.30 AM.
- Okay.
- Which is super atypical for me.
It's why you were late today to ask.
Why were you so late, by the way?
- You actually had me, you got me for a second.
I was like, was I late?
- Did you say something confidently enough?
- No, I stayed, in the case you and I were up super late
because I had an emotion.
- Oh yeah, you said that you cried yesterday.
- Oh, I wasn't gonna say that on the podcast,
but okay, I guess.
- Oh, you cut it out.
- You say something on Twitter.
- You said it on Twitter, dude.
- I said it to nobody.
I said it to my little corner.
- Let's check the number of impressions
on that tweet later.
- Okay, yeah, let's do.
So I felt something in a conversation with Casey last night
that kept us up till 1.30.
And I'm gonna leave it at that.
But I will say, I don't feel a lot of things.
Do you feel like you have a lot of emotional depth?
Do you feel like you don't strike me
as like a super emotional guy?
- I don't know, I wouldn't describe myself as emotional,
but like I said, I am very dramatic
and they're like very adjacent.
So I don't know, I don't know.
I think I am. - You're dramatic?
- I think like, not emotionally dramatic though, right?
Like I think you're dramatic in your like public presence
and your like strategy or is that not what you mean?
When you say dramatic.
- When I say dramatic, I just mean,
I love to think about things in a very extreme way,
almost like how it would play out in a movie
with like good guys and bad guys and ups and downs
and twists and turns and like and all that stuff.
So. - Yep, yep.
- And I think in general, I just like to think hard
about everything.
So that includes stuff in that category as well.
So I wouldn't say I'm emotional,
but I wouldn't say I'm like,
like I thought I like avoid that part of life.
- Yeah, okay.
I don't avoid it.
It wasn't by choice.
I think there were things that shaped me.
And I'm not gonna really talk about it,
but I think there are reasons
I don't have a lot of emotional depth.
And then like there's little moments
where I have very like strong,
what I would call into probably normal emotions
for other people, but like they feel very intense.
And it's like, oh, I actually have them.
I just literally shove them so deep
that I don't feel them anymore.
- Mm.
- Wow, this has gotten really dark, I'm sorry.
- Isn't that dark?
I mean, it sounds, it sounds normal.
I mean, I think- - I do say so.
- I always say so, Liz, that my approach with ending
is just shove it deep down until it turns
into like a hard ball or something
that's just slowly gonna kill me at some point.
But you know, I can't feel it for now.
- Yeah, exactly.
At least for the next few days, I'm good.
- Yeah.
I mean, you tease the hell out of literally everyone.
- What did I do?
- Just you're like vaguely talking about this,
all this stuff and you're not gonna reveal it.
You don't have to, but.
- Well, about what stuff?
I'm not gonna reveal, oh, there are most of stuff
I'm definitely not gonna talk about.
It's just like, it's not a thing I would talk about.
But I feel like I could talk about the,
I mean, I've talked about how I'm a robot
and I don't feel like I have a lot of feelings.
I gotta go back to the high thing
because this is so funny to me
that people think right now, okay,
I'm gonna say some stuff.
And it's totally illegal, so it's fine.
- Yeah.
- I do, I supplement with some THC CBD stuff
on occasion, okay?
I've had nothing today.
- Why, he's a first day.
- He's a first day.
- 'Cause my wife came in.
(laughing)
She brought me some--
- Is there a cop?
(laughing)
- She said, why'd you look over your shoulder?
Is there a cop?
No, so I've been taking for a while,
for like a few weeks.
Oh no, it all lines up.
So I've been taking some stuff that just calms me down.
It just makes me feel a little more like mellow.
Mostly around my kids, I'm pretty uptight, okay?
You know this about me.
I'm a pretty uptight person.
(laughing)
'Cause he's watching me, okay, this is so awkward.
So I'm a pretty uptight person.
I've been taking some stuff.
And today I haven't had any of it.
And now you guys think I'm high.
So it's just funny to me.
I've been high for like every conversation
we've had for the last month.
And today I'm not, and you think I'm high.
I'm not been high.
I don't take that much.
It's just like a little bit.
It's just like, takes the edge off, you know?
- I see.
- It makes me a better dad, okay?
Like it literally makes me a better dad.
I know apologies.
- So you're doing it for the children?
- I'm doing it for the children.
I literally take it at the end of my work day.
And like the rest of the evening,
I'm just the coolest dad.
I'm not like--
- What do you actually take?
What is this?
- Are we going there?
We're going into, okay, specific products?
- I'm just curious 'cause I would like to try.
- Yeah, no, yeah, okay.
You would like to try.
Maybe other listeners would like to try.
- Just the hell of it.
I'm done to try anything.
- It's legal in Missouri, okay?
- It's legal?
- It's legal.
Recreational.
Just whatever you want.
- Where do you know marijuana is legal in Missouri?
- Marijuana is legal in Missouri, it is.
- That's so random to me.
- I know.
Yeah, Missouri, I thought it'd be like the last date,
if I'm being honest.
But for whatever reason, we've had medical for a while
and now, break graciously, in a way.
1906, they make these little tablets, I guess.
They're like a pilly swallow.
It's not like a, I don't smoke.
I'm not gonna like hit a bong.
I don't know, not that that's wrong.
I just like, I'm not a poulter kind of guy.
- I was imagining that it turns out this whole time,
you're just doing bong rips after you get off stream.
- I don't know why, why is this so taboo?
Why is it feel so weird to talk about?
- It shouldn't.
- No, I don't think it is taboo.
- It's just a pluck, okay.
- Sorry, is that something you will say?
(laughing)
- You definitely sound high after saying that.
So you take these little tablets and you take one
and then it's like, you barely feel it.
Like it's not like you're actively feeling too much.
- I don't, yeah, I don't feel like
cognitively any different.
- Okay, that's a THC pill?
- Yeah, it's a blend of, okay,
so there's a bunch of different kinds.
They've got really good branding.
I'm a sucker for branding, okay?
If something has really consistent packaging
and branding and it's cool looking,
I'm probably gonna wanna buy it, whatever it is.
- Yeah, I think this sounds from 1906,
it sounds familiar.
- Yeah, it's like they make like chill,
which is the one I take to be a good father.
(laughing)
- Dude, there's one that's a genius for brain power.
- It doesn't work.
- You should take, you should take that part of it.
- Have you tried taking the whole bottle?
- No, I've tried, yeah, yeah.
- I've tried all of them, yeah.
- Love for arousal.
- Okay, let's not talk about it.
(laughing)
- What a podcast, okay.
- All right, wait, let me list out everything they have.
They've got go for energy, bliss for happiness,
genius for brain power, love for arousal,
chill for relaxation, midnight for sleep.
And you've said you've tried all of them.
They're all basically the same though.
- I can't find a couple of them in Missouri.
I'm not gonna say which two.
- Genius is illegal in Missouri.
It conflicts with the brand of Missouri.
(laughing)
- I choked on Apple skin and I'm gonna die
on a podcast.
- Last episode, everyone.
- Yeah, maybe, I mean, maybe we might get canceled
for something, I don't know.
(laughing)
- I don't know, this has been okay to talk about
for like years now.
- Not in the Ozark stacks, not in the Ozark.
- That's true, okay.
- You just do math silently, you don't tell anybody.
(laughing)
- Oh no, I feel like we need to take a step back.
- Okay.
- We've come in a little hot.
- This is this podcast episode is a little high energy.
'Cause I don't have anything in my system.
I've not had anything.
Like this is just natural atom.
This is how it used to be all the time.
Do you remember, did you notice a change?
- I think so, I think I did.
But, okay.
- What was the messed up part though?
- Yeah.
- You're not gonna like hearing this.
- I'm not gonna do it though.
- If you are asking me if I've noticed a change
and I think about it, I'm like, yeah, I did notice a change.
But to me, it feels like you were just less excited
about everything or like more lost, so.
- Yeah, okay.
I think that's what the effect mostly is.
I definitely felt less like it's a two-sided coin.
It's like driven, but also anxious.
I think they're like, they come together in a package
that is great for like work and aspirations.
Like being that way, the way I feel right now.
I don't feel like I can have one without the other.
Like I can't be just my normal self.
I'm so high strong, I think is the word.
And I think it plays well in work.
I don't think it plays well in a family setting.
Not like anyone was complaining.
Like my family wasn't like, you're a horrible dad,
you need to calm down.
But just, I don't like how like on edge and just like,
I call it OCPD.
I don't even know if that's actually what it is,
but like just every little thing that happens in life,
I'm like attuned to it and I'm just, I'm jumping on.
And like, I can't just let them do stuff without,
might not be safe, you know what I mean?
Like hovering and doing all that stuff.
And I feel like with certain substances,
I'm less like that.
I'm more just like, go with it.
Whatever's going on, who cares?
- Interesting.
So when we were hanging out in Florida,
I noticed a situation that thought was really interesting
where, so your younger one was like sitting like--
- Archer.
- Yeah, he was sitting at the edge of the chair
and he kind of slipped.
And he like almost smashed his face onto the table,
but he caught himself.
And Casey had like a crazy reaction.
Obviously me too, I was like, oh my God.
But then she like little covered her mouth
and like made herself not react.
And I was like, oh, that must be,
that must be a very intentional thing.
'Cause if you freak out,
'cause I think most of the way his parents would freak out,
they'd be like, oh my God, you gotta be careful, whatever.
But then the kid kind of like,
that's like bad long term for the kid.
So she, I watched her like react
but then like stifle it very quickly.
- She is so, she is my opposite.
She is so good at it.
She's so good at just letting them live life and like,
and teaching them things and having them do things
that I just don't even think kids are capable of.
I treat them like little tiny, something else, not human.
And she just like views them as little adults
that are tiny and haven't learned everything.
And like they cook food, they do all kinds of stuff.
And when I'm with them, it's like,
I'm just way too extra, I don't know.
Like I am right now at this very moment.
I'd forgotten what it feels like.
- So why did you stop?
Or like randomly you stopped or was it intentional?
- I know, it was just staying up late.
So I've still got Apple in my,
I shouldn't eat while I'm doing a podcast.
Like we stayed up late, we woke up late.
I've been with the boys.
I was late to come in here and record.
And I just haven't like, I haven't consumed anything.
So I wasn't planning on not.
It's just kind of how things worked out.
But maybe this is better.
Maybe you liked the old me.
Maybe you fell in love with the Adam of old.
You said, I mean, I just saw you on Twitch.
You said, you don't think I've coded for five weeks.
I have, I've just not been doing anything publicly
for other things that are going on, other reasons.
Am I publicly melting down?
Is this a public meltdown?
Ooh, would that be cool?
If I did?
- That'd be cool.
It might be good for our numbers, I don't know.
- Maybe, yeah.
- I mean, that thread that you have go in definitely is not,
that definitely seems like a precursor
to public meltdown for sure.
- Oh really?
That seems to melt downy?
Oh no.
- No, it may seem like jokingly, but it is funny.
Like you're just talking to yourself,
but I'm just like, what the hell is he doing?
- Oh no.
Well, 'cause honestly, like I love being able to tweet a bunch,
but I would never just like tweet those things.
- To your main feed, yeah.
- Out into the ether.
Yeah, but like doing it on that thread
when I know like a hundred people will see it,
it's just like, what are the thoughts in my head?
I'm gonna dump them here and I don't care.
So it's been nice.
- What's funny is because I am somewhere up in that thread,
I get notified for every single one.
So I see every single one.
- You gotta mute 'em, facts.
- But I wanna see, I wanna see your public meltdown.
(laughing)
- I see them and I just get the urge to be really mean.
I just get the urge to reply being like, shut the fuck up.
- Yeah, I mean, it's not just urges.
You've definitely said something.
(laughing)
- Well, it seems like people like it.
The people like it.
- It's like the same little crew that's here in Twitch.
It's our friends.
- I mean, have you made the Twitter,
have you done the Twitter circle thing?
- Oh, I did that a long time ago.
I forgot, I totally forgot.
Yeah, no, I have one.
I don't know who's in it.
I think I tweeted one time to my circle.
Circles actually make a ton of sense.
I never thought like the idea that when I see someone tweet
and it has the little green thing
that like, this is in the circle.
I wanna respond 'cause I want everyone to know
I'm in their circle.
You know what I mean?
So it's like, it's just immediate engagement bait.
Do you feel that way?
Am I exposing something that's--
- It definitely feels like special
'cause I'm seeing it and not everyone's seeing it.
So it feels like, oh, this person, you know,
considers me someone they wanna take it to the next level.
- But you don't think like, oh, I gotta make sure everyone
in the circle knows I'm in the circle.
You don't think that?
And reply.
- Oh, like you--
(laughing)
- You gotta represent.
- That's really funny.
No, I don't think I've ever had that thought.
- Okay, I'm terrible.
I'm a bad human being, I'm sorry.
- No, you're not.
- You're just meaty.
- I'm meaty.
It's weird to feel this way.
- Like yourself?
- Yeah, like myself.
- It's been one month?
- Natural Adam.
Probably, yeah.
Yeah, I think it, the Florida trip.
What did you do to me, Dax?
What did you do when we met in Florida?
- I didn't do anything.
What did I do?
- What did you do?
- I think the sunburn changed you.
- Maybe.
- It changed you, like, in your cellular level,
it just changed you, the radiation.
- I actually had stuff I wanted to talk about today.
And then you were like, let's just go ahead
and hit record and this is gonna be bad, but--
- No, this is good.
- I think talking about the mass amounts of drugs you do
to just to--
- Oh my God.
- Just to tolerate life is gonna be very, very interesting.
- Here's the thing, okay, this is what I wanna talk about,
actually, it's not what I came in when I talk about,
but now it's what I wanna talk about.
- Yeah.
- Our society sucks.
Like, it's just so dumb.
- Okay, you need to get more specific.
- I'm going to.
I'm going to, I just gotta finish chewing this piece of apple.
- How much apple do you have?
- Two whole pink lady apples, am I annoying you?
- That's so many more apples places.
- Yeah, it's a lot.
I haven't eaten anything yet, Dex.
This is also hungry.
- I'm gonna take some time to eat it.
- Like, you wanna pause the podcast?
- And keep recording.
- Is my chewing bothering you?
- No, I mean, I was bothering you,
like, 'cause I feel like you're stopping to eat
and you're not finishing your sentence.
- I just thought it added to the storytelling.
Like, you know--
- Oh, I mean, if you're fine with it, I'm fine with it.
- Oh, I'm fine with it, if you're fine with it,
I'm fine with it.
- I am fine with it.
- Do you wanna check with Zuko or Liz
if they're fine with it?
(laughing)
Maybe it's gonna be your thing
or you're always just gonna be eating something on the podcast.
- And that Ocean's 11 movie.
Like, every scene that Brad Pitt was in,
he was like eating something.
- Yeah, he's always eating that one.
Did you know that he's from Springfield?
That's where I'm from.
Me and Brad Pitt, we got that in common.
Okay, so here's why our society sucks.
And I'm not gonna speak, like,
we're very connected now to an international group of people.
Half the people we hang out with online
are probably not from the US.
So I'm not gonna speak to, like, society universally,
specifically in the US.
'Cause it's all I know.
It might apply to other places,
but it's so dumb and broken.
And there are so many things, okay,
so like, we live in a neighborhood.
And in this neighborhood,
I would never tell a single neighbor
that I've consumed THE.
I wouldn't tell him I've consumed anything
unless it's coffee or,
I wouldn't even tell him I've consumed alcohol
because it's just like,
there's just like this very dumb fake thing
about our society.
Oh, this sounds like a mental breakdown.
It really does.
I'm not having a mental breakdown, I promise.
I've never felt better about life.
Oh, this is what somebody was having.
- I'm not gonna say anything,
I'm just gonna keep letting you talk.
- That's making it harder for me
'cause I feel like you really think I'm breaking down.
I'm not breaking down.
I just think there's a lot of fake stuff.
We water our lawns, we cut our lawns.
Like, why?
This is very specific.
But like, if you really think about,
why do we have grass?
It's a picture of why I think this whole thing,
the whole society is fundamentally broken.
- Okay, so I think this touches on something that,
we maybe have talked about before,
but this is one of Liz's insights.
I'm gonna steal yet again,
I need another podcast episode.
But she talks about how we have to decide
every little detail.
Like, what kind of house do we live in?
What kind of food do we eat?
What's our marriage ceremony gonna look like?
Every little detail in America specifically,
because we don't have like an ancient universal culture
that just kind of automatically tells us,
this is what you do.
And it's good to have a lot of choice,
but for some things, it's like kind of overwhelming.
That said, I do see this grass thing
as kind of in that category.
It's just like the default
so that most people don't have to think too hard about it.
Right?
'Cause I don't know if everyone wants to really figure out
from scratch, like what kind of yard am I gonna have?
Yeah, okay, I see what you're saying.
So like, it's harder to have like a natural landscape.
An alternative lawn is more work.
Well, no, it's not more work.
It's more thinking.
Exactly, it's more thinking.
And there's like, you're already like deciding
in a million places like what,
I think people to different spectrums
like or want to be intentional about their life.
But I think for a lot of people
they're really honest with themselves,
like they would actually just kind of want,
like, we're just gonna do this
'cause we've always done this.
But like a large portion of it.
And you can see that with the lawns and the yards
and what people's houses look like.
And it does reflect the reality
that people just kind of want things to be decent
without them to think too hard about it.
It's not having to think too hard about
like just having less decisions in life.
Okay, I guess I get it.
But it's a pretty expensive thing
to like, like not from like a money sample.
And just like we're dumping water
on these stupid grass lawns and then cutting them.
Like it's just a very,
like it feels like we could have had a better default.
I don't know.
Like we have a lot next,
we own a lot next door
that I would love for you to build a house on.
By the way, Dax, if you ever wanna head up to those arts.
Okay, maybe.
Okay, okay, baby.
That lot has like all of this amazing, natural,
like local vegetation on it
that the butterflies love,
that there's so many things flying around on it.
It looks so cool to me.
And it wants to be there.
You don't have to water it.
It just wants to grow there, right?
- Yeah.
- Why can't we just have that all around our houses?
I'm sorry, I'm getting way too into the grass thing.
- No, I mean, that's a,
I don't know the answer.
I'm just not well educated on this.
So, and it's funny.
I was making fun of me in the chat
because I don't, I have fake grass, right?
'Cause my, again, - You have fake grass?
- I need to, I need to qualify this for everyone listening.
I did not choose to put in fake grass.
So my front and backyard entirely covered in turf grass.
Not like sports turf, so it's not like grainy.
It's just like, but guess what?
I just need to be watered at him.
So, - I mean, that's true.
That's better than what I have.
- So it, so I thought I would hate it
'cause it looks like it's just so not natural,
but it's always clean.
We can always just lie down in it.
And it's always just like,
it kind of feels like my, my house is like three times as big
'cause I can just kind of like do whatever I want there.
So to the dog, like he like pees on it and poops on stuff,
but it's not killing patches and the garden and everything.
- Okay, but I guess it drains, like normal grass.
- I don't know if it would just keep it.
Like if we buy this house,
I don't know if I would keep the fake grass,
but I will say it's, it's,
I thought it would just overall suck,
but it is kind of like kind of interesting.
It's kind of like you have like a little like play area
where you can just kind of do whatever
and it's always clean and there's no dirt.
- I mean, I, yeah, I'm as someone who doesn't like dirt
and most things outside, I see the appeal,
but it just feels like it's exactly my point
that like most of American society is fake
and it drives me nuts.
You're putting a very positive spin on it.
So I guess I'm feeling a little bad,
like I'm coming in with conspiracy theories here
and you're like, actually it's just nice
to not think about these things.
- No, well, okay, but I'll like challenge you
in a few other ways, right?
So ignoring the grass part,
if you look at all the trees in my house,
people love it.
Like it's like, wow, like it looks really good,
so natural.
We have all kinds of different trees
that are like really overgrown,
like really covering everything.
It looks very natural.
100% of the trees from Asia,
not Florida trees at all.
Every single tree in my yard is from Asia.
So in a lot of ways, you can say that's not natural.
- So are you.
I mean.
- Yeah, exactly.
(both laughing)
Yeah, everyone will look at them and say,
oh, that's like a very natural yard besides a fake grass.
- Yeah.
- But it's not really, it's like very curated
and intentional and everyone in my whole neighborhood,
it's like, there's tons of trees everywhere,
like extremely overgrown, like treated like blanketing,
like over the streets and it's really,
it's why I moved there 'cause it's such a nice, nice feeling
and we feel like we're living in such harmony with everything.
But technically, I don't know if any of those trees
are actually native to Florida
'cause Florida native stuff is like, it can look cool,
but just not as cool as like the Asian stuff.
- Does that bolster your point or mine?
- I think it's, I think the idea is like,
there's like the appeal to nature fallacy,
which is like anything that is natural is good
and it's not natural, it's bad,
but there's a question of like, what actually is natural.
You guys have a bunch of invasive stuff you were talking about.
I'm sure you guys have invasive trees
that you're dealing with and stuff like that.
- Oh yeah, sure, yeah.
- That technically is natural, but also not natural
'cause humans introduced it.
I don't know, at this point it's hard to say what's what,
but I do agree with, yeah, like lawns are kind of ugly to me,
just like from a purely aesthetic thing,
like a flat lawn is just not super interesting.
- So much less interesting than like any other ground cover,
really.
- Yeah, exactly.
And even if we dig it along like Liz has this very specific,
again, it's all about like being intentional.
She's really into the specific grass that grows in Cuba
and like that's the type of lawn she would have.
And it doesn't look like a typical American lawn,
it's like a little bit more wild.
- Yeah.
- But again, like, you know, she's picking that
'cause she like was born there and just familiar with it
and just kind of default there
and she'd like to have the default here.
- Yeah.
- But again, I don't know why everyone has lawns.
I don't know if people genuinely like them or not.
- Okay, I've made a mistake
and I've made this conversation about literally about lawns
and I didn't mean to.
Do you feel like how much of your time
do you feel like you spend just being a fake like facade
of a human being interacting with people?
None zero?
Do you ever interact with people in person that you don't know?
- All the time.
Okay, so none is an overstatement.
As my life has gone on, it's gotten close to zero,
but it's not out of zero.
- I guess me too.
- Because of the internet, like we can be connected
to people we actually can be ourselves with on the internet.
- Well, that's not really my problem.
That's your problem.
- Oh, yeah, me neither.
- No, no, no, no, no.
- Not me either.
(laughing)
- I'm saying you live in the Ozarks.
You might not have a lot of people around you
that are relatable, but I live in a place where,
yeah, I live in a place where--
- I keep talking over you now.
I kind of just want to keep doing it.
Sorry.
(laughing)
I'm just going to shut up.
Chris is going to hate this so much.
- I live in a place where,
I still live like kind of a weird way,
so I don't like fully relate to most people,
but it's at least, I don't know,
it's not like, it's some spectrum, right?
And I get closer to people and I can be more myself.
So, but do you feel like around you,
you're like, very constrained?
- Yeah, maybe this is not a American problem.
Maybe this is more Midwest problem.
I feel like a lot of the things I'm railing on
are probably more pervasive in the Midwest or even lawns.
Like you live in a city, you don't have that realization
that we're all just like watering our stupid grass.
I don't know, yeah, it feels very fake here.
Yeah, I don't know, that's dumb.
I don't even want to say that.
It's not that it's fake here.
Everyone wants to be like,
"Oh, I live in a terrible place with the worst
and everyone sucks."
That's not, it's not true.
Like it's a great, it's whatever.
I have nothing to say.
I don't know.
- Well, you've started by saying your society
is terrible and broken.
Like what--
- I think, yeah, I think that's more a reflection
of how I'm feeling right now than actual society.
- But is that like--
- We've got full circle.
- You gave one example of lawns
and I see I can like extract the point,
I can like tie those together in some way.
- Oh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah.
Okay, there's a bigger point.
This is the thing I actually want to come in talking about,
which is, and this is again,
probably more of a Midwest thing,
a little more socially conservative.
And I'm not gonna like get into,
I'm not gonna say a lot of things I would say.
If, why wouldn't I though?
Why wouldn't I just say what I want to say?
'Cause I don't know who listens to this.
And I don't want, people just get so offended anyway.
But is that a thing you can say
that people get offended, is that like,
am I aligning with some certain group of people
by being like, everyone gets offended?
'Cause I don't really actually believe that.
I just think like, I don't want people to feel bad.
So I'm not gonna say things I think will make people feel bad.
But, all that said, do you regret doing this podcast
with me that quick?
I mean, not today.
I mean like, there's no 30 episodes we've been.
I gotta fish for thought.
I don't think anything.
So here's the thing, in this area, in particular,
it's a lot of like, monoculture,
the same household story,
where the mom takes care of your kids,
the dad goes to work, and then everyone's unhappy.
Because the mom never signed up to just like,
do everything for everyone at all times.
That's not how she envisioned her life.
And this is not, okay, I'm not talking about my wife.
I'm just saying like, generally speaking,
like we went to Target yesterday,
and just my wife and I, on a date.
'Cause we didn't even go on Target.
We were in the parking lot.
We literally just wanna be alone in the car.
And so we ended up in the parking lot at Target.
I got to watch a lot of cars come in.
All women in SUVs, presumably mothers,
their kids are at school or whatever.
And we're all unhappy.
Everyone hates it.
And everyone just acts like this is fine.
And especially in this area,
there are like certain societal forces and belief systems
that sort of reinforce this is how things should be.
But there's not enough help.
We don't have enough help.
People raising families, just generally speaking in the US,
we all pretend like we should all just go to work
and be productive and like, whatever.
But like families, specifically like young families
with young children, there's just not enough help.
And it's not the way people raise kids 200 years ago.
I'm just sure of it.
And it feels very unnatural.
It feels like most people are struggling
with mental health parents with young children.
And we all just kind of like accept it.
And this is how things should be.
And I don't know, it just sucks.
- Yeah, no, I definitely hear that.
And I think for me, I always try to blend in like,
okay, we live in a modern time
and that we're fortunate in a lot of ways
or we're free to choose a lot of things.
But I also don't wanna like toss away like stuff
that has worked for a long time.
It's like, it's interesting to blend those together.
I think you said about people didn't raise kids like this.
Yeah, because you used to have like intergenerational
households where like the grandparents lived
with the parents and lived with the kids.
And it's like, there's like four adults per kid.
And it's like a very different type of situation.
- Very different.
- Yeah, so a lot of our friends kind of went
through the same thing where they,
when we lived in New York, they all had kids there,
like thousands of miles away from any family member,
also like in like New York City,
which is one of the hardest places to live in the country
in terms of like everything being inconvenient.
And it was just so, so, so, so hard.
And it felt like that like we saw that
and we were like, there's no way.
Like having kids seems hard on its own.
And then like then adding the additional layer
of doing it entirely alone in like a big city.
So that's why it's one of the big reasons we moved.
You know, we wanted to have kids.
We wanted like a more traditional setup.
And I think it's a little bit easier for us
because culturally neither me or Liz
or in a culture that has moved just super far away
from the traditional way of living.
- You still have that close family thing going on.
- Yeah, it's not like everyone lives, literally lives
together, but it's like everyone kind of has.
- They support each other.
- Yeah, it's like everyone lives really close.
And everyone has like an extra room
that some family members are like temporarily staying
in for six months.
So it's just always like, it's like a very different thing.
And everyone's like very well supported.
And we'll see how it actually plays out
when we have kids like they're obviously our changes
with our generation, but yeah, like doing all that alone
just seems impossible while also like having
like ambitious careers for both me and Liz.
Yeah, I don't know how people help people do it.
I don't really know why people are choosing that.
Do they not realize or they explicitly like
trying to get away from their family?
- Yeah, I don't know.
Like I feel like the way things are set up,
it didn't feel like we chose this path,
but you just kind of by default end up in this situation
where you feel very alone.
Like you feel like you're kind of on your own.
And I know some people have their parents right next door
and my parents are moving next door.
Like they're building a house
and we'll be moving in in the next few months.
That'll help.
I feel like we should have had that for the last eight years.
Like just not having, I think a lot of people make it
because they send their kids to school.
We just, we've chosen the hard path for like everything
in life and it's very hard to like justify
making it easier on ourselves to then,
I don't know, I'll never send my kid to public school.
That's a very privileged thing to say,
but like I'm just not gonna do it.
I went to public school and it turned out fine, but like,
okay, I'm coming off of it.
I might need to take some THG or something.
- It's all too much.
- It's just too much.
- I wanna see if you're often for like a week,
like where do you end up?
- I mean, this is how I used to be.
This is the atom that you got to know.
- But maybe there's like an effect
where it's gonna go even crazier
'cause you had it like some dude for a month, you know?
- Maybe, I do feel more on edge than I did before
because it's like coming off of it.
I think this is how probably I used to feel all the time.
I'm sorry, this episode went a lot of different places.
I feel like not in a good way.
- The thing I always say about where I live,
the city is that I just like the tension
between the two extremes.
It's not just one extreme.
It's like both extremes, I think are dumb,
but there's tension, there's like enough tension
on both sides that we land somewhere, like not entirely stupid.
So yeah, I found that that's pretty good.
Like most days I've been in,
I've been like way too extreme on one side.
We have a, you know how that's always people that are like,
if this person gets elected, I'm gonna leave America.
So we have, so my friend has like a family friend
as his dad's friend.
His dad's friend was like, if Obama gets elected,
I'm gonna leave the country.
Now, Obama got elected and he literally left
at the door or like Panama or something.
And he just, he just been there.
And like somehow, he's like been very successful.
Like he opens up some business or something.
He's like very rich there and he's completely fine.
So he did the one person that literally left
'cause someone got elected.
- That's awesome.
Yeah, so many has put that like success story out there
so that people, it's always the people come out
and like we're leaving and then the people come out
like go go leave and then the people are like,
you're not actually leaving.
Now we have actual case of someone left
when you need to put it on the wall.
It's just so dumb.
It's just the, there's no logic like this podcast episode.
There's no, there's no mellow, you've been the mellow.
You've been helping keep this together, Dax.
I appreciate you, thank you.
- And look, I don't even need the THC.
- You didn't even need the THC.
You're just naturally like this, huh?
- I don't know.
I don't know.
With all this stuff, it's just like, it's so complicated.
Like America's so different than any other country.
It's like, I don't think anyone really knows,
I don't know what to do about any of it.
Like it doesn't, I'm just trying to find out what it exists.
- I feel like you probably,
you're very like measured about everything.
I feel like you probably disagree with me really hard
right now and you're just, you think I'm fragile
in this current state and you're not saying the things
you wanna say, tell me what you really think.
Like, am I going all anti-American and like dumb?
Should I stop?
- I don't think you're fragile.
I understand these things when they show up.
It's like really scary and it like really gets in your head
and it gets in my head too.
And like there'll be days where I think about it
and I like freak out, but that is real.
And I think we need to figure something out.
I don't know what it is.
I'm sure we can be doing more than we're currently doing.
I'm sure there's a lot of like corrupt forces
that like prevent things from going to a more measured place.
Simultaneously, there's just like, I don't know.
There just is like a history and a culture
and like that we have in America.
It's like pretty different from everywhere else.
Like with everything, it just comes down to like
some people, there's like a list of things to care about.
And for some people, the thing that they will never
compromise on is global warming.
I think it's other people.
It's like civil rights for other people.
It's like they'll drop everything before they drop, you know,
having their guns, et cetera.
- Yeah, yeah.
- So yeah, I don't really know.
I just, we live in like a really extremely diverse,
complex world.
I just try to fall back to I want the laws in my city
to reflect myself.
I don't give a shit what's going on in Missouri.
I don't give a shit what's happening on California.
- Yeah, it's hard for me 'cause I can't live in Florida.
So which can be more extreme than I want.
But like I said, in Miami, the tension on both sides is good.
- Maybe we should just record all day, Dax.
Maybe we should just not stop this episode.
I feel like maybe eventually we'll get somewhere.
- Look on your face, you were like.
- No, I actually thought it was a good idea.
I don't know how it came across, but I was like.
- It came across as like, I was thinking about
how much editing work it is.
It's like we record for seven hours
and reduce it down to 30 minutes.
- This episode really could just be the grass episode
because we started talking about THC.
Then we talked about lawns.
It's grass.
You see that?
Yeah? - Nice.
Wow. - I know it's,
I don't know how that works.
It almost seems like we plan it sometimes,
but we really don't.
- Definitely do not plan it.
- Everything's very complicated.
And it's very hard to not get into a polarized position.
I feel like I get polarized on everything I think about
for more than 10 seconds.
Maybe that's my personality.
Maybe that's not everybody's problem.
But I don't know.
I look around the internet.
It seems like it's everybody's problem.
- No, that's largely like the default state, yeah.
- But why do you seem so measured?
Why do I just, I feel like a maniac right now,
the way I'm coming off compared to you.
When I listen to you talk and I listen to myself,
I'm like, what's wrong?
Why am I broken?
- I don't know.
I think it's like, I don't even, I can't, I don't know.
I don't know.
I think I get enjoying, I get like the thing
that overpowers everything is I like really feeling like
I have landed in a good place.
And that's kind of what like.
Like you've landed in a good place.
Could you explain that to me?
- Like with every topic, I'm like, okay, like,
I feel like I'm my perspective on it
and I like wear like landed on how I think about it.
It's like, you know, it's like not crazy is good.
Like I get it, I'm not afraid of it.
Like I, you know, I never wanna feel like I'm like too extreme.
- Yeah.
- And that kind of overpowers everything.
I don't know.
- I don't know.
I don't know, Dex.
I don't know.
- All right, next topic, immigration.
- Immigration, let's go.
I don't know anything about immigration.
Tell me, what do you know?
We're not actually, you're joking, right?
- Well, I actually do have thoughts on it.
- Please do.
We might as well get them all out in one.
Let's just, this is the purge.
This is the purge of like all political takes.
All takes that we kind of just wanna get out there
in the world and like, we can't be judged
'cause it's the purge.
- So this is a one topic that draws out a good amount
of like, not passion, but I would say this is one thing
where I'm just like, I feel like it's not a frustration with.
- Ooh, are you gonna like grab your microphone
like I did earlier?
You can get that upset.
- Please do.
- I don't know if I'll go that far, but.
- Now let's list out here.
- Okay, here's how I feel.
We live in a very, very competitive world,
not just the US, like the whole world, right?
We're competing as a country with all these other countries.
A lot of them are catching up to us
in a bunch of different ways.
We're always looking for ways to stay ahead
to like, you know, try to create the world that we want.
And certain countries have certain advantages.
And other countries just don't have certain advantages.
We have one of the most amazing advantages
that no other country has,
and we refuse to take advantage of it.
America exports like a shit ton of culture, right?
People know our movies, people know our music,
people know our lifestyles, people know like
all over the world, people know it.
And it maybe doesn't click for everyone,
but there are a large number of people that see that.
And they're like, I would love to have that.
I'd love to be in the country where all this culture
that I see, you know, that I'm into.
I want to be there.
There's so many people from all over the world
that would just love for a chance to come here.
And for some reason, we don't have a policy of being like,
yeah, the best people from every country get to come here.
Like if you can, and I pay,
like we make immigration so complicated and hard.
I know so many people that are like offered amazing jobs here
where if they came here and they got that job,
they would be making a lot of money,
they'd be paying a lot of taxes.
I just a very talented person that someone in America
is like, we need this person here
to make our company more productive.
And we make it so, so difficult.
Like it's such a complex process.
It ends up being sheer chance of like a lottery involved in it.
And this is like our craziest advantage
that all are like, quote unquote, like,
like our front of me countries or like our enemy countries
that we're trying to compete with.
Their citizens would just rather live here.
They would just rather come here and do the work
that they're doing making their country.
They could just do it for us.
- Yeah.
- And historically we've just had,
and if you look at like some of the greatest things
that America has done,
it's been through people that have come over in this way, right?
And that's like an unstoppable advantage.
And I'm like, why do we continue to like squander it?
Like we overcomplicate it.
We're like, well, that job that this foreign person
would take, like that could have gone to an American person.
But if you really look at the number of open roles
that every company,
they just have a shit ton of open roles
that are never going to fill because it's not like
they would have filled it with an American citizen.
They just aren't going to fill at all.
And that's like a limiter on,
it's a limiter of so many things.
Like the company presumably puts that job out
because if someone fills that
and they pay $200,000 to that person,
they might make a million dollars off of that person being there.
So it's all this like untapped wealth and opportunity
that these companies aren't able to take advantage of.
So the whole immigration thing, I'm like,
this is like the answer to so many of our problems.
But we like just really, really, really overcomplicate.
And we do this other really stupid thing
where we let people come here on a student visa.
We're like, okay, you can come study at our universities.
And then we make it really hard for them to then turn that
into like a job that way they can stay here.
But people literally come here and get educated,
then leave and go back to their country
and we just don't get the ROI.
It's just like, it's so stupid
and it seems this is an obvious one.
And I don't think this is unpopular.
I don't think this is a thing that like,
I think a lot of people are like, yeah, that's fine.
Like I think there maybe are a select group
to people that don't like it.
But I think, I wouldn't be surprised
that this was like in the majority of things
that people were down for.
- Could you state the solution?
You might have already said it,
but is the idea just like,
you like let people in based on merit,
basically like if they're good at stuff,
they get in first, is that the idea?
- I don't know what the exact roles will be
'cause it probably is a little bit complicated,
but from a first principle point of view,
if someone can, if there's a company here
that is like, I'm willing to pay this person X amount of money
and it's like over a certain threshold,
that's just a net benefit for everyone.
We're gonna get tax revenue from that as a government,
the company's gonna make money.
So I feel like if you can secure a job here,
it should be a pretty smooth process.
And of course, like we need to have processes
for things outside of that,
like we currently have,
but just that specific situation we should allow for
'cause there are, and of course,
people are tired of saying, well, not everyone wants to go.
Of course, not everyone wants to come here,
but there are, compared to every country in the world,
we do have that advantage still.
We're losing it a little bit
'cause we're not taking advantage of it,
but it's still gonna continue to be a force that exists
and we should maximize it while we can.
- That all makes sense to me.
I've never, I've never not put a thought to immigration.
I don't know if it's 'cause I live
in the geographic center of the continent
and we don't get a lot of immigration around here.
I just literally have no thoughts.
So I'm sorry, I can't be more of a sandy board.
You were such a good sandy board
when I was ranting about guns.
And now I'm just like, cool, it sounds great.
I'm on board.
Let's bring in the best people.
- No, this is just my little, see, that's my point.
It's like, it's so simple.
And it's like, I think most people would be like,
yeah, that makes sense.
Like there's not much to talk about.
But yeah, I think we all know,
like I know people that,
I know this guy that, I mean, I didn't go to college
and I don't put a lot of weight in degrees,
but he technically had probably equivalent
of like a PhD plus a master's in America
and he was from France.
- Yeah.
- Like infinite job offers.
Like every company wanted to hire him.
Every company wanted to hire him.
He actually came here illegally in a way,
or he overstayed his visa technically.
And the company was working,
I was like paying him out of the table.
Like everyone would have hired him.
Like just really smart dude, really, really capable.
He ended up marrying his roommates.
His roommate did him a favor and she married him.
They both had like the real partners
and they did a fake marriage.
And then after two years, they got divorced.
- But he had to do all these stupid work rounds.
- Yeah, these stupid things.
And he hustled and figured it out, which is all,
but again, which is a point.
Like he's willing to do all this really crazy shit
just to bring his talents here, right?
- Yeah.
- And I was like, it's so dumb that that was his process.
And I know a lot of people, to be honest,
would have been through this in my process and it's just bizarre.
- It is bizarre.
Yeah, I don't have a thoughts on immigration so much,
but it just sounds like one of those things
that we would be bad at.
Just like, I don't know, a lot of the decisions we make,
not that I think it's corruption is just like incompetence.
Like a lot of elderly people running the government,
just like things that seem like common sense to me,
just don't seem to be like common sense, I don't know.
- I mean, if you look at every big company that was founded,
a really great American company, like a large percentage
of them was from these people that managed to get in.
Someone's asking why can they do H1B?
The problem with the H1B is that the last step is random.
Their company can sponsor you, do everything,
but it's a fixed number.
And it's a lottery once you get past the initial filters.
So it's like 1/3 of people every year, make it through.
- Oh, you know what country is not like this?
Canada.
So Canada literally is doing almost everything what I say.
They let any competent person in it, they just let them in.
It's like super easy to immigrate to Canada.
- Yeah.
- That's why you look at Canadian cities,
they're like really diverse.
A lot of them eventually end up coming in to America
through Canada, it's like a two-step process.
But yeah, Canada, I mean like Toronto's like tech scene
is like growing like crazy.
Like there's just a lot of cool stuff happening
because of this.
- And they've got the culture, I mean, maple syrup,
Mounties, what do they call it?
The people with the hats that ride the horses,
like policemen, they got all kinds of culture in Canada.
So we better watch out,
or people are going to be flooding into Canada.
People could come to America.
- Yeah, well they still need our military, but you know.
- Do we want to talk about the military?
Okay, sorry.
I just--
(laughing)
- I mean, if you can, if you want to talk about it.
- Do you feel like we do way too much in the world?
- Yeah, like with everything I land somewhere coming in--
- It's complex.
- It's complex, yeah, it's kind of--
- Yeah, like I like really buy into this theory
of the value or dollar directly tied to our military.
- So--
- Wait, what, what's that theory?
I don't know that theory.
- I'm not going to be like explain this
because I don't understand it.
Won't have to explain it well, but I'll try.
We effectively like secure all the trade routes
in the world, right?
All global trade, like Western global trade,
like we, like our military secures it.
That's why we're literally everywhere.
- Oh, interesting.
- Yeah, I didn't know that.
- Yeah, and there's a reason that we're everywhere.
- It's not just in exchange for this,
the world operates on dollars.
So the creates a base level demand for dollar.
Again, that's another crazy, crazy advantage we have, right?
All like energy trade, all oil trade is done with dollars.
It creates this like global base level demand for it,
which lets us do crazy things like print money and invest it
'cause there's like enough demand to support that.
So yes, we spend a lot in the military,
probably too much.
I imagine it is too much
'cause it is a government and the government is not efficient.
I'm sure we're spending too much,
but I'm multiple for the results we're getting.
But I do think people simplify it in that like,
oh, we're not getting anything for it, but.
- Yeah, yeah.
And I don't believe that.
- There is like an ROI loop that's coming back
just from us controlling it really.
- When you say securing the trade route,
is that like from pirates or from like other nations?
Like what?
- No, it's more like, there is like a clear history of this
and I don't, I need to read up on it
so I can like articulate this better.
I read it once and it made a lot of sense
and I forgot, but this was like after World War II,
like all like the things that happened
where like all the other countries
were pretty much their economies were broken.
So they always pegged the US dollar
and then the US dollar was supposed to be pegged to gold.
And then a bunch of stuff happened with that.
Again, I don't remember.
So I'm just gonna sound like an idiot trying to explain it,
but effectively like when like the West came into being,
which is like just our allies
and like entirely what we think of as the West,
it's also cured by the US military primarily.
- Okay.
- When I say literally, when I say securing trade routes,
I don't mean like from pirates,
I just mean in general, like we're all allied
under this like military agreements effectively.
- Okay.
- And that's what enables us to trade with each other
and work with each other and we're all, we're all better.
- I can't believe I've never heard any of this.
This seems like important information.
- Yeah, I wish I knew it better.
I wish I knew it better.
- At least you knew something.
Okay, I kind of want to talk about pirates,
but I feel like we should end the episode.
- How about pirates?
- Like pirates are real, right?
Like they're real thing that like,
are those people that, do they like live amongst us?
Do they come into society or do they just live on the boats?
- They live amongst us, what the?
- It's not me because I'm inland,
but like our pirates, normal people,
do they speak languages, we speak?
Or are they like born on the ship and they're raised pirate
and they're totally different from us?
- No.
- Well, I said there aren't pirates
of the Caribbean pirates out there.
- No. - Yeah, I knew they didn't wear the whole costume
with the parrot and the whole thing.
I knew that, but like, how different are they from us?
Are they like the people who live in Antarctica?
No, in the cold places.
You're not supposed to call Mexico, so what are they called?
- Inuits?
- Inuits, thank you.
- Hang on, hang on, hang on.
Why am I such an event of it?
Okay, go ahead.
- Piracy is just an act of desperation.
There's some people that are desperate enough
to risk their lives to go out on a little boat
to attack a big boat.
So they're just people in places that are like, you know,
that are poorer or like, you know, have more desperation.
So my only, I don't know anything about this,
but I only know about the Captain Phillips stuff
and the stuff that happens off of the coast of Africa,
like in Somalia and stuff, so.
- Okay, so they are just people who like,
they live in the cities and then they get on a boat
and they go out and steal stuff at other boats.
- Yeah, okay, it's crazy to me that they do that, but.
- No, no, it's crazy.
Yeah, I just didn't know if it was like a whole population
of people that had very different, like, I don't know.
- Well, what is crazy is historically
where you're describing was a thing, right?
Like, like Tortuga was like a real place.
I don't know where it is, but like,
there were like pirate cities where like,
I gotta read more into this 'cause.
- A pirate city.
- Because back when piracy was like a bigger thing,
like the images of it we have of it.
- Some would say it's still a pretty bad problem, Dax.
Especially when you talk about pirates in like movies
and TV shows and stuff where it's a navel, it's a problem.
- Navel, navel piracy, navel piracy.
Ocean-based piracy.
But there was enough of a thing where they were like,
pirate cities where like, that's where the pirates
would dock and hang out.
That's really crazy.
- I gotta read about this.
That sounds very fascinating.
Tortuga, you said?
- I don't know, that sounds good.
That sounds right.
- Hold that off the dome.
You've read 10 books in your life
and you know these kind of words.
Like, where are you getting this information?
- Tortuga, that sounds familiar, right?
- Tortuga, no, it doesn't at all.
That's why when you said it, my face went--
- Tortuga.
- Tortuga, pirate city.
(laughs)
- Oh my God.
- It's a Pokemon.
- Okay, it's in Haiti.
Okay.
- Oh, it's actually a thing, okay.
- Yeah, it's in Haiti.
Major center and haven of Caribbean piracy.
Look at that, I didn't make it up.
- You didn't make it up, Tortuga.
I'm just so curious when that word graced Dax's ears.
And he retained it.
- Yeah, I mean, I think it's a nice name.
Does it mean turtle or tortoise?
- Oh, you could name your kid Tortuga.
(laughs)
Throwin' that out there.
All right, I really have to pee.
So we do have to get off here.
I don't like that to be our sign off
that I always had to pee at the end.
I don't like it.
- I like it.
I think it's funny.
- But it's us.
I mean, it's just the reality that I drink a lot
and I have to pee.
- You drink a lot.
And that's the source of all your problems.
You drink a lot.
- I don't drink a lot.
I don't drink alcohol.
I just do weed, man.
- Okay. - Just cool.
- So we're gonna add this podcast.
I have no idea what the hell this is gonna turn into.
- I don't either.
Chris, it's up to you.
If this is one episode, if it's two, three,
whatever you think, if it's none,
if we just need to throw this one in the trash,
it was a good time.
We all got to feel a little better at the end.
We feel better, right?
Should I become some villain
and you can be the person everyone identifies with
and I'm like this jerk.
I'll do it.
I don't care.
I have nothing else really going for me on the internet.
I'll just become some figure that people hate
and they're like that, Adam.
Oh my God, I just wanna punch him in the face.
I could be that guy.
- 'Cause you don't care.
- I really don't care.
At this point, I'm considering just going off the internet.
You've seen my farewell to the internet video.
I'm considering it.
I'm considering literally just disappearing.
- That's all the drugs talking.
- It's not the drugs.
- How do we know?
- I don't do drugs.
That sounds so like, okay, well, I mean like,
what kind of drugs?
Pharmaceutical drugs, lots of people do those.
We don't talk about that.
- Oh, wow.
- We can get into that stuff.
Big pharma.
I should, okay, listen, I should just become a villain.
I should become this person people hate.
You'll get so much from it,
I can at least have a purpose on the internet.
I think we got something here.
I'll just, I'll go against everything,
not like consistently, not like some groups gonna hate me.
They'll all hate me,
because I'll say something they all hate.
How about that?
I feel like you're not taking me seriously.
I'm not joking right now.
- I don't, okay, this may be offensive,
but I don't think you have it.
I don't think you have what it takes to do that.
(laughs)
- What do you mean?
- It's not a mean thing.
It's like, I just don't see you as the villain character.
- Really?
- That'll make it so much more interesting.
That I don't seem like I should be a villain,
but you just hate me.
Not a villain, but just like a guy who says things
in Flammatory and everybody's like in a ruckus.
And ruckus, is that a word?
In a ruckus?
In a, like everybody's in a tizzy?
- In a tizzy word?
- In a tizzy, oh my god, what race are you again?
- I forgot.
- What do you, I'm white.
I don't know.
(laughs)
- I'm just in a tizzy.
- Is that a race?
- That's a very white shit, yeah.
- Oh, how could I say something really offensive here?
- Nah, I can't think of anything.
I gotta do this though.
I feel like some people got angry after this episode
if they hear it, if it ever makes a lie today.
I gotta lean into it.
'Cause I really need some kind of purpose on the internet.
I have lots of purposes in actual life,
but like on the internet, I don't know.
I hate when you do that, Dax, why do you do that?
Why do you just sit there and stare at me?
I hate it so much.
Okay, goodbye, I gotta pee.
I'm floating, bye.
- Bye.
(upbeat music)